i can eat less meat , and save a tiny fraction of the water that goes into one cow . or i can save all the water that goes into superfluous flushing of toilets , usually at least twice per day , every day . meat may be the biggest use of water that we are responsible for , but my toilet is something i am responsible for directly , and that's why i mentioned it . thanks for the wild left turn though , that's definitely a useful way to get your vegan thing across to people .
just more proof that republicans hate it when people vote .
hate to break it to you , but the globalists only exist in your tiny , blackened heart .
that's the point of what he's saying . you can be unbiased and report the truth too you know .
average trump voter income was about 79k , largest number of trump voters were in groups between 50k and 200k .
gt ; oh , you'll be long gone before any of that stuff happens . i use to have a co-worker say this same shit all the time when he would come in my office , we would talk about things , he would then toss his plastic coke bottle in the trash when we have recycling bins right down in the break room . he would openly say , i'll be dead so who cares , i don't . meanwhile he has an 18 year old daughter who definitely will . not to mention any kids she might have . it's this , well we are old and going to be gone we don't give a shit attitude that overwhelms the climate deniers or people who just don't want to do anything about it that is frustrating . you just want to shake them and say you know the world doesn't just stop turning when you are gone , do you understand that your family and friends and their family and friends will live on . the gop has embraced this short sightedness and abused it to harvest votes for years . that needs to end people need to be aware and care about the world around them not just what is on their smartphone or tv that day .
we have to get over that . she waited as long as she could until the ap called it and she's been on our side the whole time .
your serious ? have you ever read up on it ? ? why did you think rome was against him exactly ? why do you think he tried to remove the catholic ruler of spain to put an atheist in ? please go look up what he tried to achieve .
don't forget fat and materialistic .
but he does have the best words .
ok but it doesn't
that said , is the wsj our guiding philosophy in five words is ' there shall be open borders ' really that socially conservative ?
deleted
so let's just nail you down on this . it's your assertion that he did t want to put troops in syria . i need a definite yes or no . and nail you down on this . he escalated the wars . final say is on him . correct ?
why is this a presidential scandal ? russia did something , not trump .
the american dream is alive and well . this is the land of equal opportunity , not equal outcome . no matter what , poor choices will still yield poor outcomes . if you study , choose a marketable degree , and do well , you'll have no problem living the life you want to live . i , and most of my social circle , have had no problems . the ones i know who have had problems are those who got completely useless degrees . sociology , english , sports marketing management , film , etc . sure , they're degrees you can coast on through college with , but they're not degrees that will land you anything profitable unless you're very lucky . not only that , but so many people take out gobs and gobs of loans to receive these useless degrees . again , no one is forcing you to borrow $ 60,000 so you can have a useless degree from a prestigious school . those are poor choices and are 100 avoidable .
i mean if you look at who voted sanders and who voted clinton , clinton got the non-white vote and won . granted she sorta cheated .
all of those answers could easily be yes except maybe the husband one . the difference is no one cared enough to investigate . apparently it wasn't the worst handling of classified material in history back when he did it .
is this favorite trump moments now ? i prefer when trump said i could stand in the middle of 5th avenue and shoot somebody and i wouldn't lose voters . president trump is going to great . we have the most loyal people .
the us military is full of conservatives , they will not hesitate to kill liberals . they joke about it and entertain the idea .
it's the only plant that makes the x series at the moment . but i promise you as germans they're taking a long practical look at whether shifting production to brazil is worth it .
we can give him the same level of respect he gave to incoming president obama .
they also tell me i'm the smartest and best looking guy in the country .
true . the extremes on either side of the spectrum are rather prone to violence .
spot on.....power is very addicting , and the money ain't bad either ;
yah for sure s
removed
i had to move in the middle of a school year . . . it was horrifying , i met a bunch of new friends who were better influences , my high school sweet heart that i dated for three years , and graduated . the horror ! i was in my previous school system up until high school started and the move was the best thing for me . it seemed scary at first , but it made me more adventurous and i've moved multiple times since i graduated . i have no idea how this is a big deal , it'll be less of a shock to the kid since he's young . it's ridiculous that we're spending this much money on such a stupid issue .
one could certainly argue the second half of the sentence was qualified by the i have been called a surrogate as a time or two . . . regardless , it is not possible to prove what he meant , so it can't be called perjury unless of course an investigation proves he did communicate with russians as a surrogate regarding the campaign
maybe we can get someone , a orange person , to grab them by the pussy .
so his rating went up . last poll said 30 something approved
i am in agreement .
victims of corrupt politics ? gerrymandering is in large part responsible for the gop advantage
people may take that the wrong way and see it as insulting to the people who were lost that day , but overall i like it .
gt ; how the fuck is it that high ? in unrelated news , iq is measured on a bell curve . there's a top whatever percent and a bottom whatever percent .
the thing that's interesting about this is that trump thinks that family members of terrorists need to die because they're aware of each others ' actions due to them being family . however , he expects his supporters to believe that despite his sons being his family members , he isn't privy to their business dealings . the trumps are the pinnacle of hypocrisy and their supporters are violently stupid for believing in them .
i would normally agree with you but in such odd political times the result of which being a trump regime it isn't out of the question to attribute a couple larger narratives to the gop winning . i.e . dnc incompetence and russian interference . but yes i understand your point being that most of the population can only consume one political stance at a time .
did you assume my comparison ! what i mean is there are sometimes reasons to fire people but i know being gay isn't one
crickets because there is 0 evidence to back up anything in this article
faaaaaaakkkkkkkkeeeeeee neeeeewwwwwwwwwzzzzzz .
gt;on wednesday , ryan , in london , said republicans are putting the finishing touches on a health care proposal . i'm sure it'll be a fucking masterpiece . considering they're trying to win over the tea party loons , trumpcare dos is going to an even bigger pile of shit than uno .
that's the point .
well for one i did too have a masters in he same exact degree . but i married someone who came from a poor family . she literally works her ass off and has nothing . she's not uneducated or lazy by any means but before she was with me she couldn't afford anything . she lazy people get help ? absolutely not . but people who are afforded nothing and have legitimate reasons that they need help should get it . over me and you ? maybe or maybe not i believe yes but definitely over the richest 1 . if a few lazy people get a handout while plenty of children who otherwise wouldn't eat get food , yeah i'm totally down with that .
mlk jfk and rfk all assassinated within a decade . had social media been around then i am not sure the country would have survived that actually
political parties are basically independent private organizations . they don't owe the american people anything or have to adhere to any fair process . they are completely self defined . that is why the founders hated them and warned us against them . ; although if i were a democrat donor i'd never donate to them again .
the democrats don't need to put their politics aside tho ; better healthcare is their politics .
i heard that us intel agencies warned israel against sharing secrets with the white house for fear the white house will leak them to russia , who will leak them to their ally iran . so the cia is afraid trump is going to spy against israel to help iran indirectly . let that sink in . an ex head of the cia said it wasn't true , so no idea what is true or not .
by voting for expired drugs you're taking away votes from guillotine and handing the election to firing squad .
i guess so . it's just horrible that no matter what this douchebag isn't going to see any repercussions other than a bullshit apology and maybe a fine .
so for djt this isn't really about collusion to get him elected per se , as it is about collusion to launder money ? and for the gop it is about laundering money to get djt elected ?
comparing geopolitics to a fucking board game . . . .
deleted 0.5548 what is this ?
they're gonna need more than a $ 5 raise . probably somewhere closer to $ 10
the thing that strikes me about stone is that i'm not even sure he's a republican . like , he ended up working for republicans because he liked nixon and decided to just keep handing the party elections after that . but does a man like stone have real convictions , real beliefs ? or is he just in it for the thrill of the game ? in an alternate reality , does a young roger stone work on the mcgovern campaign and it's the dems who spent the next 40 years cheating ?
npr mentioned that the republican parents of young voters would be the main ones to answer the doors of their households and would either ignore the dems reasons and not let their children hear them out or if the parents were already inactive voters , they would actively vote again like waking a hibernating animal .
i think it said that the govt was only seeking $ 14m since that what made its way into the us , or something . still seems like a good outcome though to pay a fine that's the same as the litigation cost would have been and not have to admit guilt or forfeit any assets .
bootlickers to the core
gt ; point being , the gop wins because they play fucking dirty . yes , and i'm not expecting very much when the supreme court looks at this issue in the upcoming term .
hope they also realize that the wh and other parts of the gov't often leak info to test public opinion .
in political-time ? six months is nothing .
its a fork move on democrats . they get red meat for the base either way . either it passes , and that money gives the walmarters something to show for their ignorance and complicity , or the dems manage to stop it and then they can claim the mean ol ' democrats just wsnt to hoard y'alls money , see ?
public schools did me just fine .
but there are two sides ! ! ! we have to be impartial ! !
but that's still not enough . he may have tried , but we still need something solid of something he actually did . i think trump chums for business everywhere and us bombing their allies isn't the most deferential . of course he doesn't want sanctions because he's a money grubbing hybrid of a newyorker and las vegas . i think 4chan and hillary dnc gave him the nomination primary election . we had wikileaks regardless . i mean her it guy even came on reddit and asked how to delete emails under a litigation hold in exchange , lmao . i mean you knowingly break the law but get immunity to tell on the big girl making her complicit in a crime and comey says , yeah she broke the law , but we're not going to prosecute . but isn't that the state dept and the prosecutors job ? hi loretta ! hillary is a fucking swampdump . fire everyone . now maybe mueller can do the job right . but you kinda see why people support him because he bumbles into cleaning house . do some janitorial work and he'll be out in a jiffy . the problem is the dnc hasn't changed , they elected hillary obama people . i think the gop might adjust a bit . but anyway , i think he's just an idiot . we'll need more evidence for treason .
does this mean republicans will stop acting like she is ?
i think you need to read the rules a little closer if you're going to try playing the ' rules lawyer ' game .
i hope they do much , much better . i'm hoping everyone does better .
gt ; you're not entitled to your money , and they know how to spend what you earned better than you do . no one should listen to you .
if i only had a brain . . . .
yep , so glad trump completely stopped all drones , nsa spying and intervention in wars in other countries . oh , wait . . .
as a reminder , this subreddit is for civil discussion . r politics wiki index wiki be civil in general , be courteous to others . attack ideas , not users . personal insults , shill or troll accusations , hate speech , and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban . if you see comments in violation of our rules , please report them . i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . please contact the moderators of this subreddit message compose ? to r politics if you have any questions or concerns .

i personally don't think that the left's chosen plan to pin this on republicans e.g . they own it now is going to be successful . i absolutely acknowledge that it is true , this is all of their own making , but i think many are underestimating how many in the republican base actually want to be defined as the orchestrators of obamacare's demise - they will paint it as an accomplishment , and just lie about raising costs . it's been their modus operandi for eight years . more legislation gutting obamacare provisions were passed during obama's admin under the republican controlled congress than have been passed since trump came into office and republicans never took responsibility for gutting the individual exchanges . they simply passed legislation that crippled the exchanges , then blamed democrats when premiums rose . it's their playbook and unfortunately half of the country believes it .
for decades these assholes has been saying they're not racists , they just love free markets and small government now it's democrats abandoned the working class ! nro , go fuck yourself . we warned you what the southern strategy would do , and now you're going to take us all down with your cynical ploy to use white resentment to pass tax cuts for rich people .
now i have a mental picture of trump wrestling with a door . i rip doors off when im pissed . . watch this . . . . . . . hang on i need a different grip watch this . . .. errr . . tough door wait let me get a foot against it . . . . uuufff . . . damn ef in door you wait . . . . . hey kelly you got a phillips screw diver
gt;george w . bush said he left the top of his ballot blank and did not vote for clinton because she has bad judgment. lol .
i argued many times that trump winning would end both parties . progressives have a chance to claim or start a new party and dominate the left . and the gop can either go moderate more like the 90s and capture a lot of the middle or turn into some protectionist right party .
if you're arguing ca does a fantastic job of internalizing its problems e.g . poverty , why would its poor receive comparatively more in fed benefits ? moreover , the implicit assumption here is that if there's overlap in state federal services , then deductibility of salt is a good idea . but 1 . how much overlap is there ? certainly every dollar of salt doesn't reduce fed spending by anywhere near $ 1 . 2 . the salt deduction is still regressive , and it is only taken in large part by a minority of filers . a lot of people pay state taxes . 3 . why is salt deductibility the solution ? a functioning government at all levels requires an appropriate packaging of provided services . the deduction often incentivizes the expansion of state governments like ca's without regard for the usual consideration of cost to the taxpayer .
read the article . no proof . i don't like the senator potential senator , but i'm not going to treat him as a rapist without proof .
gt ; i did try and fuck her . she was married i moved on her like a bitch , but i couldn't get there . and she was married . then all of a sudden i see her , she's not got the big phony tits and everything . . . i've got to use some tic-tacs , just in case i start kissing her . you know i'm automatically attracted to beautiful . i just start kissing them . it's like a magnet . just kiss . i don't even wait . and when you're a star , they let you do it . you can do anything . grab them by the pussy . you can do anything .
well , yes , that is how it should work , but the republicans said it would not be right to appoint someone in an election year . so they democrats better raise hell if they try it .
which was incredibly hypocritical because reagan was the last republican to run against a sitting republican in the wh . many pundits claimed the damage reagan did to ford helped give carter the presidency in 1976 . on the other hand , many on the right defend a known pedophile , rather than risking an election between an ' unknown ' republican candidate and a democrat . shows you how much weight they put into morality and laws .
it may be that gorsuch plays a part in holding trump criminally liable . he has strong originalist leanings and just reinforced the 4th amendment , not weakened it as has been the trend . there is a concept the founders believed in which in essence says that no one should set themselves above the law , and from other writings there is no good reason to believe they meant except for the president . shooting someone in the streets of nyc would not fly , and again gorsuch is an originalist .
i took gay money once and now there are constantly dicks in my mouth .
no i agree . i guess i'm being cynical as to , what's the difference ? it's the same effect , the public has information , whether leaked or sanctioned for release . i also understand that there is certain information that should not be released to the public for various reasons , but does get leaked , and that can be bad .
don t forget the fuck the environment and anti-abortion clauses
against popular public opinion . . . been a long time since it has been a government for the people
yah the republicans wrote the expiration into the bill stating they hope it will get extended in the future . has literally nothing to do with democrats . you're either just making things up out you flat out don't know how this works .
no worries , mexico is going to pay for the wall .
this is my only one slick . long time lurker , first time poster . everyone needs to start somewhere .
mitch mcconnell would eat turtle soup if his donors told him too . the guy is a total sleazeball .
he is afraid all the people that bought $ 100,000 tickets will be mad he did not show up .
this is the first time i have actually felt concerned the fucker is going to get away with it all . yeah
people running investigations typically don't give out info like that . . .
i know where i live they allow early voting . you could go in person to the town hall or mail a ballot .
i don't disagree that it's a problem , but i don't think it's a wise choice for a hill to die on . there aren't that many illegal aliens in the us and they aren't generally denied due process .
f course .
a fact that will be confirmed by the first cdc study on gun violence in 22 years , that i'm sure rubio is in favor of allowing . right ?
context . easier to put that so you know who they're talking about , without pasting the previous text s
when the tea party took over they boosted the conservative values part of the conservative movement , which included a lot of religious people , unfortunately the very fervent religious people evangelicals . . . they are prone to follow people which is poetic since their bible says not to do that . once someone tells them follow this person they will do so with all the passion of a hungry dog chasing a steak . that is how they refuse to admit trump is not at all like a christian . there are intelligent conservatives , but they are kind of stuck without a home , but honestly that old version of conservatism where the government shouldn't be involved is probably impossible with how the world is changing . between ai and automation something is going to have to change and a strong government will probably be key .
